****THIS IS THE BITCOIN SIMULATOR I MADE****
**************2 Geng 35 Willy***************

==============<clarificaition>==============

So because that i dont really know how the
raw transaction code are generated, i use 
random alphanumeric String instead. By the 
way, Bitcoin is kind of new to me so I dont 
know if i interpret it wrong, esacially the 
mining process.

===========<address explaining>=============

this code work like this. Every time you
trade with Bitcoin, you'll be able to set up
an address to store your bitcoin. And there
will be an address code, which is shown in
the result.

============<concept explaining>============

then when you trade with someone with
bitcoin. A raw transaction code will be
generated. this code will go through the
process of hashing. Because usually every 
transaction code begins with a few zeroes. 
Miners add what is called nonce to the 
modified transaciton code and to basically
guess what the original transaction code is
if they discover a possibility with a few
zero in the begining, then it will become a
valid code. (so it is normal  to appear tuns
of different possibilities if you choose to
start minging)

============<trading process>===============

So when you run the program, you can enter 
the amount of money Bob and Alice own and 
the money that is going to be send from Bob
to Alice.

==============<do on 1/8 2020>============== 